[Zaraz] Cleanup (#3430)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/zaraz/src/content/get-started/add-tool.md

1. Choose a tool from the tools library page and click **Continue** to confirm your selection.

1. In **Set up**, configure the settings for your new tool. The information you need to enter will depend on the tool you choose. 

> 1. Optional: Click **Add field** to add additional fields to your tool. Refer to [Custom fields](/get-started/custom-fields) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. (Optional) Click **Add field** to add extra fields to your tool. Refer to [Custom fields](/get-started/custom-fields) for more information.
```
Avoiding `add additional`.
Also, this is the formatting I used recently for optional steps... Maybe we can discuss this internally next week?

Author: Sure. I wasn't totally sure of the formatting for optional steps, but ended up going with what we have in our content type guidelines

1. Click **Save**.

Your tool is now configured. Depending on the tool you chose, Cloudflare Zaraz might automatically create a `Pageview` event. Refer to [Send events to a third-party tool](/get-started/send-events) to learn more.

> On this page you can configure the tool's **Settings**, add additional events by clicking **Create event**, and click the events listed to edit them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page you can configure the tool's **Settings**, add extra events by clicking **Create event**, and edit events by clicking on them.
```
I'd mention the operation first (edit) and then the step (click).
